The gps singleton communicates with the neo6m gps module trough serial.
it also handles waypoint navigation and can generae the following data :

todo : 
    -watchdog for last read fom GPS.
    -check precision and failsafe if too bad


interface : 
init : initialize the communication to GPS module through serial.
dataAvailable : returns true if a complete message is available to be read.
RegisterHome : register the home position as the first target. by default, after the last target is reached, the RTH is enabled (see target definition further).
RegisterTarget : regiter the next target. this has to be called sequentially at the start of the program. up to MAXTARGETNUM(50) targets can be registered.
    the NextTarget argument indicates the following target in the list. this allows to do (infinite) loops of targets. set to 
        -1 for next target in logical order (e.g. add targets sequentially with -1 as next target will cycle trough them and return to home afterwards.)
        -2 landing at target. in that mode, the lattituda and longitude of the target are tracked, but the craft will be set in a descent mode, no power/ nose slightly down. use the target before that to prepare the flight direction.
        any other value sets the wanted next target.

getNAV : function to call to obtain the navigation information from gps. There are 3 modesfor GPS navigation : 

0 : normal mode we use the known origin for the target. this modes tries to follow the line joining two targets while navigating. to do so : 
    when the next target is activated, the nominal heading from start to end is registered. when getting the poition and heading of the craft, a compensation is applied to try and maintain the line.
    basically, the wanted direction 
1 : Direct navigation; used for RTH mode. only the target point is used, the heading is maintained straight towards the target.
2 : Landing. in this mode, the normal mode is used, but the landing is signalled to the controllr to stop the motor and try to keep a constant downward velocity. No altitude error is output.


